Footnotes (#114)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/reference/footnotes.txt

=========
Footnotes
=========

> Limit footnotes to tangential explanations of greater technical depth that build
> understanding but can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Footnotes allow you to explain topics in greater detail,  but can be ignored.
```
Suggestion: I think this can be simplified to something similar to the suggestion above-- as is, its a bit wordy and tough to understand.

> Use ``[#footnote-identifier]`` to mark the footnote location in the text, then add the 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Lets convert this to a procedure on how to create a footnote -- here's my draft of [the hyperlink page](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-meta/pull/115) (I still need to make some formatting edits, but I think a procedure would simplify the process of whoever is trying to learn it)

=========
Footnotes
=========

> Use footnotes to add detail that not all readers will need.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I think its worth mentioning that footnotes render at the very bottom of the page later. And in your example below, you can add a few lines of regular text to really showcase how it works.

Author: Just making sure I understand:
1. I think footnotes render wherever you put the Footnotes rubric, which is why I mentioned putting it at the bottom of the page.
2. You mean adding some sample text in the example before the footnote rubric?

Reviewer: Yes! both correct! I just figured some dummy text between where you create the foodnote reference and the actual footnote section really showcases how to use them.

Author: Is lorem ipsum okay? Or is there a preferred way to create dummy text?

Reviewer: Yea that'd be fine. Or to make it even simpler, you can make it something like: 

<your footnote references>

This describes something cool.
This goes into more detail. 
Now you've learned this cool thing!

<the footnotes rendered>

Author: love it

=========
Footnotes
=========

> Use footnotes to add detail that not all readers will need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use footnotes to add details that not all readers will need.
```

Syntax
------
.. procedure::
    :style: normal

    .. step:: Mark the footnote location in your text with ``[#footnote-identifier]``,
        where "footnote-identifier" is arbitrary. 

    .. step:: If the bottom of the page doesn't have a "Footnotes" rubric, use 
        ``.. rubric:: Footnotes`` to create one.
    
    .. step:: Beneath the "Footnotes" rubric, enter  ``.. [#footnote-identifier] 
                <footnote text>`` to add your footnote.

> 

Reviewer: Since this describes the steps in how to create one, lets put a codeblock to show what these steps describe.
